Celebrate spontaneity at the W New York - Union Square. Between the hotel’s signature Whatever/Whenever service and its ideal location in Manhattan's Silicon Alley across from Union Square, the big city and indulgence are at your fingertips. One of New York's great public spaces, Union Square hosts a fabulous outdoor market 4 days a week. Pick up a loaf of artisan bread and a wedge of farmstead cheese for a picnic on the fly. Here, too, you'll find the Union Square subway station, a transportation hub that'll get you all around town. Venture south via a 5-minute ride to the Off-Broadway theaters and coffeehouses of Greenwich Village, or farther south to SoHo's galleries.
To tour New York in top style, look to the W for help. The complimentary Acura Experience spoils you with a personal driver and a luxury SUV stocked with W treats. If you're truly in the mood for spoiling, request anything (legal) you want with Whatever/Whenever (fees vary). Feel like a guitar serenade or a foot massage while en route to Chinatown? Just ask.

There's no need to leave the hotel for unforgettable nightlife. Sneak away with someone special to a private alcove in sexy, subterranean Lilium, whose seductive vibe represents the dark, mysterious feel of downtown New York. This newly redesigned bar offers a menu of traditional cocktails along with a full bar featuring boutique, small-batch spirits. Or engage in some couch-side banter in the cozy Living Room lounge before moving on to Olives restaurant, created by celebrated chef Todd English and serving rustic Mediterranean cuisine. Still feeling energetic? SWEAT, the hotel's fitness center, is open 24 hours.

Housed in a gorgeous 1911 Beaux Arts building, this Manhattan hotel is defined by elegance, and the guestrooms are no exception. A stylish sanctuary amid the city bustle, your room features the signature W bed: custom pillowtop mattress layered with plump, down bedding. Wrap yourself in a plush terry robe and settle in to watch a movie on the flat-panel TV. Refresh yourself with Bliss bathroom amenities and a nibble from 24-hour room service. Or fire up your laptop for wireless Internet access (surcharge).

---


Discover the thrills of New York City from the heart of Times Square with accommodations at the distinctive New York Marriott Marquis. Bringing the vibrant energies of Manhattan to your door, this contemporary NYC hotel with its well-designed guest rooms and suites, lavish amenities and exceptional service is an ideal choice for weekend getaways, family vacations and business travel. Located near Fifth Avenue shopping, Radio City Music Hall, the Rockefeller Center, NBC Studios, Central Park, Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, the UN headquarters and Madison Square Garden, the hotel puts travelers in the midst of popular NYC attractions and business destinations. With over 100,000 square feet of event space, there's no better place to host business meetings, professional conventions, wedding receptions and grand social events than inside this NYC hotel's impressive venues where Marriott's renowned service, creative on-site catering and the assistance of professional event managers are set to ensure success.